Apply updates from notion (#14998)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/ai-in-sentry/ai-privacy-and-security/index.mdx

---
title: AI Privacy Principles
sidebar_order: 40
description: "Learn about how Sentry handles your data and protects your privacy when it comes to AI."
---

Generative AI features in Sentry, including Seer, are designed with your privacy in mind. Here are the core principles that apply to how we handle your data when it comes to our generative AI features.

## Transparency in Data Processing

> Our generative AI features use some of the data you've configured to collect and send to your Sentry instance to provide additional insights, analysis, and solutions for your review. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our generative AI features use some of the data you've configured to collect and send to your Sentry instance. This provides additional insights, analysis, and solutions for your review. 
```
Just felt like a lot of 'to's, which was hard for me to parse.

- Profiles
- Relevant code from linked repositories

### No Training on Your Data

By default, your data will not be used to train generative AI models unless you give permission.

> If you want to help improve the Sentry service, including Seer, you may opt-in to further use of your data for product improvement.  Learn more about [how you can opt-in](/security-legal-pii/security/service-data-usage/#use-of-identifying-data-for-generative-ai-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to help improve the Sentry service, including Seer, you may opt-in to further use of your data for product improvement.  Learn more about [how your data is protected and used](/security-legal-pii/security/service-data-usage/#use-of-identifying-data-for-generative-ai-features).
```
I didn't see anywhere in that link actual info about opting in.

## Limited Access by Authorized Third-Parties

> By default, our generative AI features are powered by third-party large language models (LLMs) that are hosted within Sentry's production infrastructure and not accessible by the underlying third-party model providers. This is enabled by the infrastructure providers set forth on our [subprocessor list](/product/ai-in-sentry/ai-privacy-and-security/). For any features that rely on LLMs hosted outside Sentry's production infrastructure, we will identify the applicable subprocessors.  

Reviewer: This link is currently sending me to the top of AI privacy principles (this doc), not a subprocessor list.
